# CS-230-Operating-Platforms
//The Gaming Room is a gaming company with an Android app-only game called Draw It or Lose It to develop a web-based game like Draw It or Lose It that serves multiple platforms. The Gaming Room’s main requirement is for their game Draw It or Lose It to be available on mobile devices and a web-based game capable of operating on multiple operating platforms as well. The technical requirement is creating a game with the capability of having one or more teams with each team having multiple players assigned to it, the game and team names must be unique to allow users to check whether a name is in use when choosing a team name, and only one instance of the game can exist in memory at any given time. This can be accomplished by creating unique identifiers for each instance of a game, team, or player. 
I paid more attention to the development requirement which is deciding which operating system will be best if the requirements are presented by the client considering the best OS with operating systems architecture, memory management, and security. In terms of the process of working through the design document, I found identifying the design constraints and creating a domain model very helpful when developing the code. I would like to revise my domain model or recreate some parts of my UML class diagram. It is important to consider the user’s needs when designing because the aim of creating the application is to satisfy the requirements of the client. Finally, in approaching the design of the software application, we first noted down the requirements of the client, created a UML class, figured out our design constraints, picked an operating platform suitable for the client's requirements, and documented it.
//
